1 Adam, Sheth, Enosh,

This verse is from the Bible and is found in the book of 1 Chronicles. It is part of a genealogy that is being recorded in the book. The verse is listing the names of the first three generations of humanity, beginning with Adam. Sheth and Enosh were the sons of Adam, and they are listed here as part of the genealogy.

2 Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of Adam. It states that Kenan, Mahalaleel, and Jered were the sons of Adam. Kenan was the first son, Mahalaleel was the second son, and Jered was the third son. This verse is important because it establishes the lineage of Adam and his descendants.

3 Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of Adam. It is referring to the four sons of Adam: Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech, and Noah. Henoch was the first son of Adam and the father of Methuselah. Methuselah was the father of Lamech, who was the father of Noah. Noah was the one who survived the great flood.

4 Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

This verse is referring to the four sons of Noah, who were the only survivors of the Great Flood. Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth were the only ones to survive the flood and repopulate the earth. They are the ancestors of all the nations of the world.

5 The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Noah. It lists the sons of Japheth, who was one of Noah's three sons. Gomer, Magog, Madai, Javan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tiras were all sons of Japheth, and they are listed here as part of the genealogy.

6 And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Noah. In this verse, the sons of Gomer are listed as Ashchenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah. These were the sons of Gomer, who was the son of Japheth, who was the son of Noah. This verse is important because it helps to trace the lineage of the people of Israel, who were descended from Noah.

7 And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Noah. The verse is listing the sons of Javan, who was the fourth son of Noah's son Japheth. The four sons of Javan are Elishah, Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. These four sons are believed to have been the ancestors of the Greek, Phoenician, and Mediterranean peoples.

8 The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Noah. It is listing the sons of Ham, who was one of Noah's sons. The sons of Ham are Cush, Mizraim, Put, and Canaan. Cush is believed to be the ancestor of the people of Ethiopia, Mizraim is believed to be the ancestor of the people of Egypt, Put is believed to be the ancestor of the people of Libya, and Canaan is believed to be the ancestor of the people of Palestine.

9 And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Noah's son Cush. It lists the sons of Cush, which are Seba, Havilah, Sabta, Raamah, and Sabtecha. It then goes on to list the sons of Raamah, which are Sheba and Dedan. This genealogy is important because it is part of the lineage of the Israelites, who are descended from Noah's son Shem.

10 And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.

This verse is referring to the biblical figure of Nimrod, who was the son of Cush. According to the Bible, Nimrod was a powerful and influential leader who was known for his strength and courage. He was the founder of several cities and was a great hunter. This verse is saying that Nimrod began to be powerful and influential on the earth, likely due to his strength and courage.

11 And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of Noah's sons. It is saying that Mizraim, one of Noah's sons, was the father of four other sons: Ludim, Anamim, Lehabim, and Naphtuhim. This verse is part of a larger genealogy that traces the lineage of the Israelites back to Noah.

12 And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.

This verse is referring to the descendants of Noah's son Ham. Pathrusim, Casluhim, and Caphthorim were all descendants of Ham, and the Philistines were descended from the Casluhim. This verse is emphasizing the connection between the Philistines and the other descendants of Ham.

13 And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,

This verse is referring to the descendants of Noah's son, Ham. It states that Canaan, one of Ham's sons, was the father of Zidon, his firstborn, and Heth. Zidon and Heth were two of the sons of Canaan, and they were the ancestors of the people of Sidon and the Hittites, respectively.

14 The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,

This verse is referring to the various nations that were living in the land of Canaan when the Israelites arrived. The Jebusites, Amorites, and Girgashites were all tribes that inhabited the region at the time. This verse is simply listing the different nations that were living in the land of Canaan when the Israelites arrived.

15 And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,

This verse is referring to three of the descendants of Canaan, the son of Ham. The Hivites were a people group who lived in the land of Canaan, the Arkites were a people group who lived in the city of Arka, and the Sinite were a people group who lived in the city of Sin. These three people groups were all descendants of Canaan, and this verse is simply listing them.

16 And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.

This verse is referring to the descendants of Noah's son Japheth. The Arvadite, Zemarite, and Hamathite are all descendants of Japheth who settled in the area of the Middle East. These three groups were known for their seafaring skills and were important trading partners in the region.

17 The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 1, which lists the descendants of Noah's three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth. This particular verse is listing the sons of Shem, which include Elam, Asshur, Arphaxad, Lud, Aram, Uz, Hul, Gether, and Meshech. These names are all descendants of Shem, and are part of the larger genealogy of the Israelites.

18 And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.

This verse is part of the genealogy of the descendants of Noah in the Bible. It is saying that Arphaxad was the father of Shelah, and Shelah was the father of Eber. This is part of the lineage that eventually leads to Abraham, the father of the Israelites.

19 And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother’s name was Joktan.

This verse is referring to the two sons of Eber, Peleg and Joktan. Peleg was named this because in his days the earth was divided. This could be referring to the Tower of Babel incident in Genesis 11, when God confused the languages of the people and scattered them across the earth. This division of the earth could also be referring to the division of the land among the nations, as described in Deuteronomy 32.

20 And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of Shem, the son of Noah. It is saying that Joktan, a descendant of Shem, had four sons: Almodad, Sheleph, Hazarmaveth, and Jerah. These four sons were the ancestors of various nations and tribes.

21 Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a list of descendants of Shem, one of Noah's sons. Hadoram, Uzal, and Diklah are all listed as descendants of Shem. Hadoram is the son of Joktan, Uzal is the son of Joktan, and Diklah is the son of Shelah.

22 And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Shem, one of Noah's sons. It states that Ebal, Abimael, and Sheba were all sons of Shem. This verse is important because it helps to trace the lineage of the Israelites back to their ancestor, Shem.

23 And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the descendants of Joktan, a son of Eber. Ophir, Havilah, and Jobab are all listed as sons of Joktan, meaning that they are his direct descendants. This verse is emphasizing the importance of lineage and ancestry in the Bible, as it is often used to trace the lineage of important figures in the Bible.

24 Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, listing the descendants of Noah. It is saying that Shem, Arphaxad, and Shelah were all sons of Noah. Shem was the oldest son, Arphaxad was the second son, and Shelah was the third son.

25 Eber, Peleg, Reu,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of Noah's sons. It states that Eber, Peleg, and Reu were sons of Shelah, who was a son of Arphaxad, who was a son of Shem, who was a son of Noah. This verse is important because it is part of the lineage of Jesus Christ, who is descended from Shem.

26 Serug, Nahor, Terah,

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy that traces the lineage of Abraham. The verse states that Serug, Nahor, and Terah were the sons of Reu. This means that Serug, Nahor, and Terah were the descendants of Reu, and were part of Abraham's family line.

27 Abram; the same is Abraham.

This verse is referring to the biblical figure Abram, who is also known as Abraham. It is saying that Abram and Abraham are the same person. This is significant because Abram was the original name given to Abraham by God, and it was later changed to Abraham.

28 The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the sons of Abraham, who were Isaac and Ishmael. Isaac was the son of Abraham and Sarah, while Ishmael was the son of Abraham and Hagar. Both sons were important figures in the Bible, and this verse is simply listing them as the sons of Abraham.

29 These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 1. It is listing the descendants of Ishmael, the son of Abraham. The verse is saying that the firstborn of Ishmael was Nebaioth, followed by Kedar, Adbeel, and Mibsam. These were all sons of Ishmael, and they are listed in order of their birth.

30 Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Ishmael. It is listing the names of five of Ishmael's sons: Mishma, Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema. These five sons are the ancestors of several different tribes of people.

31 Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.

This verse is referring to the sons of Ishmael, who was the son of Abraham. Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah were the three sons of Ishmael, and this verse is simply stating that fact.

32 Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham’s concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is describing the sons of Keturah, who was Abraham's concubine. The verse states that she bore six sons: Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak, and Shuah. It then goes on to say that Jokshan had two sons, Sheba and Dedan. This verse is important because it is part of the genealogy of Abraham, which is important to the biblical narrative.

33 And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these are the sons of Keturah.

This verse is from the Old Testament of the Bible and is part of the genealogy of Abraham. It is saying that the sons of Midian, which were Ephah, Epher, Henoch, Abida, and Eldaah, were all the sons of Keturah. Keturah was Abraham's second wife, and these five sons were her children. This verse is important because it shows the lineage of Abraham and his descendants.

34 And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of the genealogy of Abraham, the father of the Jewish people. The verse states that Abraham had a son named Isaac, and that Isaac had two sons, Esau and Israel. This verse is important because it establishes the lineage of the Jewish people, which is traced back to Abraham and his son Isaac.

35 The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of Esau, the son of Isaac. The verse lists the names of Esau's sons: Eliphaz, Reuel, Jeush, Jaalam, and Korah. These five sons are the descendants of Esau, and their names are recorded in the Bible as part of the genealogy of the Israelites.

36 The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna, and Amalek.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Esau, the son of Isaac. The verse lists the six sons of Eliphaz, who was the son of Esau. The names of the sons are Teman, Omar, Zephi, Gatam, Kenaz, Timna, and Amalek. These names are important because they are part of the lineage of the Israelites, and they are mentioned in other parts of the Bible.

37 The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Esau, the son of Isaac. The verse is listing the four sons of Reuel, who was the son of Esau. The four sons are Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah. This verse is important because it helps to trace the lineage of Esau and his descendants.

38 And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezar, and Dishan.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Seir, a Horite chieftain. The verse lists the seven sons of Seir: Lotan, Shobal, Zibeon, Anah, Dishon, Ezar, and Dishan. These seven sons are believed to have been the founders of the Horite tribes in the region of Edom.

39 And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan’s sister.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Abraham. The verse is saying that Lotan had two sons, Hori and Homam, and a sister named Timna. This verse is important because it helps to trace the lineage of Abraham and his descendants.

40 The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. And the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Noah. It is listing the sons of Shobal and the sons of Zibeon. Shobal's sons are Alian, Manahath, Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. Zibeon's sons are Aiah and Anah.

41 The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 1. It is listing the descendants of Anah, who was a son of Seir the Horite. The verse states that Anah had a son named Dishon, and Dishon had four sons: Amram, Eshban, Ithran, and Cheran. This verse is important because it is part of the genealogy of Jesus, as Anah was an ancestor of King David.

42 The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Abraham. The verse is listing the sons of two of Abraham's sons, Ezer and Dishan. The sons of Ezer are Bilhan, Zavan, and Jakan, and the sons of Dishan are Uz and Aran.

43 Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.

This verse is referring to the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel. Specifically, it mentions Bela the son of Beor, and the name of his city, which was Dinhabah. This verse is emphasizing the fact that Edom had its own kings before any king reigned over the children of Israel.

44 And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the death of Bela, a king of Edom, and the succession of Jobab, the son of Zerah of Bozrah, to the throne. This verse is emphasizing the importance of succession and the passing of power from one generation to the next. It also highlights the importance of lineage and ancestry in determining who is eligible to rule.

45 And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the death of Jobab, a king of Edom, and the succession of Husham, a king of the Temanites, to the throne. The verse is emphasizing the importance of succession and the passing of power from one ruler to the next. It also highlights the importance of the land of the Temanites, as they were able to take the throne after Jobab's death.

46 And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.

This verse is referring to the death of Husham, a king of Edom. After his death, Hadad the son of Bedad, who had previously defeated the Midianites in battle, took his place as king. Hadad's city was called Avith. This verse is emphasizing the power of Hadad and his ability to take the throne after Husham's death.

47 And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the death of Hadad, a king of Edom, and the succession of Samlah, who was from the city of Masrekah, as the new king. This verse is emphasizing the importance of succession and the passing of power from one ruler to the next.

48 And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the death of Samlah, a king of Edom, and the ascension of Shaul of Rehoboth to the throne in his place. Shaul of Rehoboth was a descendant of Esau, the brother of Jacob, and was the first king of Edom. The verse is emphasizing the importance of succession and the passing of power from one ruler to the next.

49 And when Shaul was dead, Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.

This verse is from the Old Testament of the Bible and is part of the genealogy of Saul, the first king of Israel. It states that after Saul died, his son Baalhanan became the new king in his place. This verse is important because it shows the continuity of the monarchy in Israel and the importance of the line of Saul in the history of the nation.

50 And when Baalhanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife’s name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.

This verse is describing the succession of kings in Edom. It states that when Baalhanan died, Hadad reigned in his place. Hadad's city was called Pai and his wife was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab. This verse is emphasizing the importance of lineage and family ties in the royal line of Edom. It also shows that the kings of Edom were often related to each other through marriage.

51 Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth,

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the death of Hadad, a prince of Edom. The verse then goes on to list the dukes of Edom, which were Duke Timnah, Duke Aliah, and Duke Jetheth. These were the leaders of Edom after Hadad's death.

52 Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a list of the descendants of Esau, the brother of Jacob. The verse is referring to three of Esau's sons: Duke Aholibamah, Duke Elah, and Duke Pinon. These three sons were the leaders of the Edomite clans, which were descended from Esau.

53 Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a list of the descendants of Esau, the brother of Jacob. Duke Kenaz, Duke Teman, and Duke Mibzar were three of Esau's descendants. Kenaz was the son of Eliphaz, Teman was the son of Oholibamah, and Mibzar was the son of Zepho. These three men were leaders of their respective tribes, and they were all descendants of Esau.

54 Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom.

This verse is referring to the dukes of Edom, which were the leaders of the Edomite people. Duke Magdiel and Duke Iram were two of the most prominent dukes of Edom. This verse is emphasizing the importance of these two leaders and their roles in the Edomite society.

