1 Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war.

This verse is referring to a group of warriors who came to support David when he was hiding from Saul. These warriors were among the most powerful and skilled fighters in the land, and they offered their assistance to David in his time of need. They were willing to fight alongside him and help him in his struggle against Saul.

2 They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul’s brethren of Benjamin.

This verse is describing the Benjaminites who joined forces with King Saul in battle. They were skilled warriors, able to use both their right and left hands to shoot arrows and hurl stones from a bow. This verse is emphasizing the strength and skill of the Benjaminites, and how they were an important part of Saul's army.

3 The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite,

This verse is describing the leaders of the tribe of Benjamin during the time of King David. Ahiezer, Joash, Jeziel, Pelet, Berachah, and Jehu were all sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite, and Azmaveth, respectively. They were all chiefs of the tribe of Benjamin and were loyal to King David.

4 And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite,

This verse is referring to a group of warriors known as the thirty. Ismaiah the Gibeonite was a mighty man among them and was the leader of the group. Jeremiah, Jahaziel, Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite were also part of the thirty. These men were all brave warriors who fought for the kingdom of Israel.

5 Eluzai, and Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite,

This verse is referring to five men who were part of the tribe of Benjamin. Eluzai, Jerimoth, Bealiah, Shemariah, and Shephatiah were all warriors from the tribe of Benjamin who joined forces with David when he was fleeing from Saul. Shephatiah was a member of the Haruphite clan, a sub-tribe of Benjamin. These five men joined David's army and helped him fight against Saul and his forces.

6 Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites,

This verse is referring to a group of men from the tribe of Levi who joined King David's army when he was fleeing from Saul. Elkanah, Jesiah, Azareel, Joezer, and Jashobeam were all members of the Korhites, a clan of Levites who were skilled in warfare. They joined David's army and helped him fight against Saul and his forces.

7 And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor.

This verse is referring to two men named Joelah and Zebadiah, who were the sons of Jeroham of Gedor. Gedor was a town in the region of Benjamin, and Jeroham was a descendant of the tribe of Benjamin. Joelah and Zebadiah were part of a group of warriors who joined forces with King David during his reign.

8 And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;

This verse is describing the Gadites, a group of warriors who joined David's army. They were strong and brave, with faces like lions and the speed of roes on the mountains. They were skilled in battle, able to use shields and bucklers to protect themselves. This verse is emphasizing the strength and courage of the Gadites, and their loyalty to David.

9 Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third,

This verse is part of a list of warriors from the tribe of Benjamin who joined King David's army. Ezer, Obadiah, and Eliab are listed in order of rank, with Ezer being the highest-ranking warrior, followed by Obadiah, and then Eliab.

10 Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth,

Attai the sixth

Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth, and Attai the sixth are all listed in 1 Chronicles 12:10 as part of a list of warriors who joined David's army when he was fleeing from Saul. These three men were part of a larger group of warriors who joined David's army and helped him to become king of Israel.

11 Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh,

This verse is part of a list of names of warriors who joined King David's army when he was fleeing from Saul. Attai and Eliel are two of the warriors who joined David's army. Attai is listed as the sixth warrior, and Eliel is listed as the seventh.

12 Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of warriors from the tribe of Benjamin who joined King David's army. Johanan is listed as the eighth warrior and Elzabad is listed as the ninth warrior. This verse is emphasizing the importance of these two warriors in the army of King David.

13 Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of warriors who joined King David's army. Jeremiah the tenth and Machbanai the eleventh are two of the warriors who joined the army. They are listed in the order of their arrival, with Jeremiah being the tenth warrior to join and Machbanai being the eleventh.

14 These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.

This verse is referring to the sons of Gad, a tribe of Israelites. It is saying that the leaders of the tribe, the captains of the host, were very capable and experienced. Even the least of them was in charge of over a hundred people, and the greatest of them was in charge of over a thousand. This shows the strength and power of the tribe of Gad.

15 These are they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west.

This verse is referring to a group of warriors who crossed the Jordan River in the first month of the year, when the river had overflowed its banks. The warriors were successful in their mission, driving away their enemies from the valleys to the east and west. This verse is emphasizing the strength and courage of the warriors who were able to overcome their enemies despite the difficult conditions.

16 And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David.

This verse is referring to the time when David was anointed king of Israel. It states that some of the people from the tribes of Benjamin and Judah came to David's stronghold to show their support for him and to pledge their allegiance to him as their new king. This was a sign of unity among the tribes of Israel and a recognition of David's authority as king.

17 And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it.

In this verse, David is addressing a group of people who have come to him. He is asking them if they have come to help him or to betray him. If they have come to help him, he will be grateful and his heart will be knit to them. However, if they have come to betray him, he is asking God to look upon the situation and rebuke it, as he has done nothing wrong.

18 Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the story of David's rise to power. In this verse, the spirit of God comes upon Amasai, the chief of the captains, and he declares his loyalty to David. He wishes peace upon David and his helpers, and acknowledges that God is helping him. David then accepts Amasai's loyalty and makes him a captain of his band. This verse is a reminder that God is always with us and will help us in times of need.

19 And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads.

This verse is referring to a time when David was fighting against Saul. Some of the men from Manasseh had joined David in his fight against Saul, but the Philistine lords advised against it and sent them away, fearing that if they stayed, they would be putting their own lives in danger.

20 As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh.

This verse is describing how As he went to Ziklag, he was joined by a group of Manassehite leaders. These leaders included Adnah, Jozabad, Jediael, Michael, Jozabad, Elihu, and Zilthai. They were all captains of the thousands of Manassehite soldiers. This verse is emphasizing the importance of these leaders and their loyalty to As he went to Ziklag.

21 And they helped David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valour, and were captains in the host.

This verse is referring to a group of warriors who joined forces with King David to fight against a band of raiders. These warriors were all mighty men of valour, meaning they were brave and courageous, and they were also captains in the host, meaning they were leaders in the army. They helped David in his fight against the raiders, showing their loyalty and strength.

22 For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God.

This verse is referring to the time when David was anointed king of Israel. It is saying that many people came to David to help him and support him, so much so that it was like an army sent by God. This shows the loyalty and faithfulness of the people to David and his cause.

23 And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war, and came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom of Saul to him, according to the word of the LORD.

This verse is referring to the number of warriors who had come to support David in his quest to take the throne of Israel from Saul. These warriors had been sent by God to help David in his mission, and they had come to Hebron to join him in his fight. The verse is emphasizing the fact that these warriors had come in response to God's command, and that they were ready and willing to fight for David in order to fulfill God's will.

24 The children of Judah that bare shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war.

This verse is describing the military strength of the tribe of Judah during the time of King David. It states that there were 6,800 men from the tribe of Judah who were armed with shields and spears and ready for battle. This verse is emphasizing the strength and preparedness of the tribe of Judah for war.

25 Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valour for the war, seven thousand and one hundred.

This verse is from the Bible and is referring to the number of men from the tribe of Simeon who were ready to fight in battle. The verse states that there were seven thousand and one hundred men from the tribe of Simeon who were considered to be mighty men of valour, meaning they were brave and courageous warriors. This verse is emphasizing the strength and courage of the men from the tribe of Simeon and their willingness to fight for their people.

26 Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred.

This verse is from the Bible and is referring to the number of Levites who joined King David's army when he was fleeing from Saul. The verse states that there were 4,600 Levites who joined David's army. This number is significant because it shows the loyalty of the Levites to David and their willingness to fight for him.

27 And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;

This verse is referring to Jehoiada, a leader of the Aaronites, who had a total of 3,700 people in his group. This verse is emphasizing the size of Jehoiada's group, which was quite large. It is likely that this group was important in some way, as it is mentioned in the Bible.

28 And Zadok, a young man mighty of valour, and of his father’s house twenty and two captains.

This verse is referring to Zadok, a young man who was known for his bravery and strength. He was the leader of a group of 22 captains from his father's house. This verse is emphasizing Zadok's courage and leadership abilities, as well as the size of his family's military force.

29 And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul.

This verse is referring to the tribe of Benjamin, which was the tribe of Saul, the first king of Israel. The verse states that three thousand of the Benjaminites had remained loyal to Saul's house, even though Saul had been dead for some time. This shows that the Benjaminites had a strong sense of loyalty and were willing to remain loyal to Saul's house even after his death.

30 And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valour, famous throughout the house of their fathers.

This verse is referring to the tribe of Ephraim, one of the twelve tribes of Israel. It is saying that there were 20,800 men from the tribe of Ephraim who were known for their bravery and strength. They were famous among their own families and were respected for their courage and strength.

31 And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king.

This verse is referring to the eighteen thousand men from the half tribe of Manasseh who had come to support David in his bid to become king. They had been specifically named and had come to show their support for David and to help him become king. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the support of the people in order for David to become king.

32 And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment.

This verse is referring to the tribe of Issachar, who were known for their wisdom and understanding of the times. They were able to discern what was best for the nation of Israel and were respected for their insight. The two hundred heads of the tribe were in charge of leading their brethren and making decisions for the nation. All of the members of the tribe followed their commandment.

33 Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart.

This verse is referring to the tribe of Zebulun, who were known for their military prowess. The verse states that fifty thousand men from the tribe of Zebulun went to battle, and they were all experienced in warfare and equipped with all the necessary weapons. Furthermore, these men were not divided in their loyalty, meaning that they were all united in their cause and had no divided loyalties.

34 And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand.

This verse is referring to the number of soldiers from the tribe of Naphtali who joined King David's army. There were a thousand captains, or leaders, and with them were thirty-seven thousand soldiers armed with shields and spears. This verse is emphasizing the strength of the Naphtali tribe and their loyalty to King David.

35 And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of warriors from the tribe of Dan who joined King David's army. The verse states that 28,600 Danites were expert in war. This indicates that they were skilled and experienced in battle, and were likely to be an important asset to the army.

36 And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the tribe of Asher, one of the twelve tribes of Israel. The verse states that forty thousand men from the tribe of Asher went to battle, and they were all expert in war. This verse is emphasizing the strength and skill of the men of Asher in battle.

37 And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand.

This verse is referring to the Israelites who were on the east side of the Jordan River. It states that the Reubenites, Gadites, and half tribe of Manasseh had 120,000 warriors with them, all equipped with weapons for battle. This verse is emphasizing the strength of the Israelites and their ability to fight in battle.

38 All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king.

This verse is referring to the men of war who had come to Hebron to make David king over all of Israel. These men had come with a perfect heart, meaning that they were loyal and committed to David and his cause. The rest of Israel was also of one heart, meaning that they were unified in their support of David and his kingship. This verse is emphasizing the unity and loyalty of the people of Israel in their support of David as their king.

39 And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them.

This verse is from the Bible and is referring to a group of men who had come to join David in his fight against the Philistines. The verse is saying that these men stayed with David for three days, eating and drinking, because their brothers had prepared food and drink for them. This shows the loyalty and support that these men had for David and his cause.

40 Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel.

This verse is describing how the people of Issachar, Zebulun, and Naphtali brought food to the people of Israel in celebration. They brought bread, meat, meal, cakes of figs, bunches of raisins, wine, oil, oxen, and sheep. This abundance of food was a sign of joy and celebration in Israel.

