1 And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader.

In 1 Chronicles 13:1, David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader. This verse is referring to the fact that David consulted with the military leaders of his kingdom in order to make decisions about how to best protect and defend his people. He wanted to make sure that he had the support of the military leaders in order to ensure the safety of his kingdom.

2 And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto you, and that it be of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:

In this verse, King David is addressing the entire congregation of Israel and proposing that they send out messengers to their brethren who are still living in the land of Israel, as well as to the priests and Levites who are living in their cities and suburbs. He is suggesting that they all come together in one place. He is asking the congregation to consider the proposal and to make sure that it is in accordance with the will of God.

3 And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we enquired not at it in the days of Saul.

This verse is referring to the Ark of the Covenant, which was a sacred object that contained the Ten Commandments. In the days of Saul, the first king of Israel, the Ark had been neglected and not consulted. The people of Israel were now calling for it to be brought back to them, so that they could seek guidance from it once again.

4 And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people.

This verse is referring to a decision made by the people of Israel. The people had decided to bring back the Ark of the Covenant to Jerusalem, and all the people agreed that it was the right thing to do. The verse is emphasizing the unity of the people in making this decision, as everyone agreed that it was the right thing to do.

5 So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim.

This verse is referring to King David's decision to bring the Ark of the Covenant from Kirjathjearim to Jerusalem. He gathered all of the people of Israel, from the region of Shihor in Egypt to the region of Hemath, to accompany him on the journey. This was a significant event in the history of Israel, as it marked the first time the Ark of the Covenant was brought to Jerusalem.

6 And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjathjearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth between the cherubims, whose name is called on it.

This verse is referring to an event in the Bible when King David and the people of Israel went to the town of Kirjathjearim, which belonged to the tribe of Judah, to retrieve the Ark of the Covenant. The Ark of the Covenant was a sacred object that contained the Ten Commandments and was believed to be the dwelling place of God. The Ark was kept in the town of Kirjathjearim and was guarded by two cherubim, which were angelic figures. The Ark was known by the name of God, which was called upon it.

7 And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart.

This verse is from the Bible and it describes how the Ark of the Covenant was moved from the house of Abinadab. Uzza and Ahio were chosen to drive the cart that carried the Ark, which was a sign of God's presence among the Israelites. The use of a new cart was likely to show respect for the Ark and its importance to the people.

8 And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets.

This verse is describing the worship of God by David and the people of Israel. They are playing music and instruments before God with all their might, singing praises to Him. The instruments mentioned are harps, psalteries, timbrels, cymbals, and trumpets. This was a way for the people to express their love and devotion to God.

9 And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.

In 1 Chronicles 13:9, the Israelites were transporting the Ark of the Covenant to Jerusalem. As they arrived at the threshing floor of Chidon, the oxen that were carrying the Ark stumbled, and Uzza put forth his hand to steady the Ark and prevent it from falling. This act of Uzza was seen as a sign of disrespect and he was struck down by God for his actions.

10 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.

This verse is referring to an incident in which Uzza, a Levite, attempted to steady the Ark of the Covenant as it was being transported. God was angry with Uzza for touching the Ark, and so He struck him down and he died before God. This incident serves as a reminder that God is holy and must be respected and honored.

11 And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day.

This verse is referring to an incident in which Uzza, a Levite, attempted to steady the Ark of the Covenant as it was being transported on a cart. Uzza was struck down by God for his actions, and David was displeased with this. As a result, the place where this incident occurred was named Perezuzza, which means "breach of Uzza," in memory of the event.

12 And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?

This verse is referring to the time when King David was bringing the Ark of the Covenant back to Jerusalem. He was filled with awe and reverence for God, and he was afraid of what might happen if he did not bring the Ark back in the proper way. He was concerned about how he could bring the Ark of God home to him without offending God.

13 So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David, but carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.

This verse is referring to the Ark of the Covenant, which was a sacred object that was kept in the Tabernacle. After the Israelites conquered the city of Jerusalem, King David wanted to bring the Ark to the city of David. However, he decided to take it to the house of Obededom the Gittite instead. Obededom was a Levite who lived in the city of Gath and was a faithful servant of the Lord. By taking the Ark to Obededom's house, David was showing his respect and reverence for the Lord and His covenant.

14 And the ark of God remained with the family of Obededom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and all that he had.

This verse is referring to the Ark of the Covenant, which was a sacred object that contained the Ten Commandments. It had been brought to the house of Obededom, a Levite, and remained there for three months. During this time, the Lord blessed Obededom and all that he had. This is a reminder that God rewards those who are faithful and obedient to Him.

