1 Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house.

This verse is from the Bible and it is describing how King Hiram of Tyre sent messengers to King David with supplies to build him a house. The supplies included timber of cedars, masons, and carpenters. This was a sign of friendship and alliance between the two kings.

2 And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel.

This verse is referring to the fact that God had chosen David to be the king of Israel. He was aware that God had chosen him and that his kingdom was being established and strengthened because of the people of Israel. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the people of Israel in the establishment of David's kingdom and the confirmation of his kingship.

3 And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters.

This verse is referring to the fact that King David had multiple wives and children. He married more wives in Jerusalem and had more sons and daughters as a result. This verse is emphasizing the fact that King David had a large family and was a prolific father.

4 Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon,

This verse is from the Bible and is referring to the children of King David. It is listing the names of his four children who were born in Jerusalem: Shammua, Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon.

5 And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of names of David's sons. Ibhar, Elishua, and Elpalet were three of David's sons. They were all born to him during his time as king of Israel. The verse is simply listing their names as part of a larger genealogy.

6 And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,

This verse is from the Bible and is found in 1 Chronicles 14:6. It is part of a list of names of the sons of David, who was the king of Israel. Nogah, Nepheg, and Japhia were three of David's sons. They were all part of the royal line of Israel and were important figures in the history of the nation.

7 And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet.

This verse is part of a list of names in 1 Chronicles 14. It is referring to the sons of David, who were Elishama, Beeliada, and Eliphalet. These three sons were part of the royal line of Israel, and their names are recorded in the Bible as a reminder of the importance of the lineage of David.

8 And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them.

This verse is referring to the Philistines' reaction to the news that David had been anointed king over all of Israel. The Philistines were a powerful enemy of the Israelites, and they were alarmed by the news that David was now in charge. In response, they decided to march against David and his people. When David heard of their plans, he prepared to meet them in battle.

9 And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.

In 1 Chronicles 14:9, the Philistines are invading the land of Judah and have spread themselves in the Valley of Rephaim. The Valley of Rephaim was a strategic location in the region, and the Philistines were taking advantage of its strategic position to gain a foothold in the area. This verse is a reminder of the power of the Philistines and their ability to take control of a region.

10 And David enquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? And wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the story of King David. In it, David is asking God if he should go to battle against the Philistines. God responds by telling David to go up and that He will deliver them into David's hand. This is a reminder that God is always with us and will help us in times of need. He will give us the strength and courage to face our enemies and will be with us every step of the way.

11 So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim.

In this verse, David and his army have come up to a place called Baalperazim and have defeated their enemies. David then declares that God has broken in upon his enemies by his hand, like a flood of water. He then names the place Baalperazim, which means "Lord of the Breakthroughs," in honor of God's victory.

12 And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire.

In 1 Chronicles 14:12, David is referring to the gods of the Philistines, which the Israelites had taken as spoils of war. David commanded that these gods be burned with fire, as a sign of his commitment to the one true God and to demonstrate his rejection of the false gods of the Philistines.

13 And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley.

This verse is referring to the Philistines, an ancient people who lived in the region of Canaan. The verse is saying that the Philistines had spread out and occupied the valley, which was a strategic location for them. This allowed them to control the area and gain an advantage over their enemies.

14 Therefore David enquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the story of King David. In this verse, David is asking God for advice on how to handle a battle against the Philistines. God tells David not to go after them directly, but to come upon them from a different direction, over against the mulberry trees. This advice from God is meant to give David an advantage in the battle.

15 And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a story in which King David is preparing to fight the Philistines. The verse is saying that when David hears a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, he should go out to battle because God has gone before him to fight the Philistines. This is a reminder that God is with David and will help him in his battle against the Philistines.

16 David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer.

In 1 Chronicles 14:16, God commanded David to attack the Philistines, and David obeyed. He led his army to fight the Philistines from Gibeon to Gazer, and they were victorious. This verse is a reminder that when God commands us to do something, we should obey and trust that He will give us the strength and courage to do it.

17 And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations.

This verse is referring to the reputation of King David, who was the second king of Israel. It states that his fame spread throughout the lands, and that the Lord caused all nations to fear him. This is likely referring to the military successes of David, which caused other nations to be in awe of his power and strength.

