1 These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is a list of the sons of Israel, which includes Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun. These were the sons of Jacob, who was also known as Israel. These six sons were the founders of the twelve tribes of Israel.

2 Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Israel. It lists the sons of Jacob, who was the father of the twelve tribes of Israel. Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin were the sons of Jacob, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher were the sons of Jacob's concubines. This verse is important because it establishes the lineage of the twelve tribes of Israel.

3 The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.

This verse is referring to the three sons of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. Er, Onan, and Shelah were born to Judah from his wife, Shua the Canaanite. Er, the firstborn, was evil in the sight of the Lord, so God killed him. This verse is emphasizing the importance of following God's commands and the consequences of disobeying them.

4 And Tamar his daughter in law bore him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five.

This verse is referring to the sons of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. Tamar, Judah's daughter-in-law, bore him two sons, Pharez and Zerah. This made the total number of Judah's sons five.

5 The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.

This verse is referring to the descendants of Pharez, who was the son of Judah and Tamar. Hezron and Hamul were the two sons of Pharez. This verse is part of a genealogy that is tracing the lineage of the Israelites.

6 And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. The verse is listing the five sons of Zerah, who was a son of Judah. The five sons are named as Zimri, Ethan, Heman, Calcol, and Dara. This verse is emphasizing the importance of family and lineage in the Bible.

7 And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed.

This verse is referring to the son of Carmi, Achar, who was responsible for bringing a curse upon the Israelites. Achar had taken something that was devoted to God and kept it for himself, which was a violation of God's commandment. This act of disobedience brought a curse upon the Israelites, and Achar was known as the "troubler of Israel" because of it.

8 And the sons of Ethan; Azariah.

This verse is from the Bible and is found in 1 Chronicles 2:8. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Judah, the son of Jacob. The verse states that Ethan had a son named Azariah. This is significant because it shows the lineage of the people of Israel and how they are related to each other.

9 The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Hezron, a descendant of Judah. The verse is listing the three sons of Hezron: Jerahmeel, Ram, and Chelubai. These three sons are the ancestors of many of the tribes of Israel.

10 And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of the descendants of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. It states that Ram was the father of Amminadab, and Amminadab was the father of Nahshon, who was the prince of the children of Judah. This verse is important because it shows the lineage of the royal family of Judah, which was an important part of the history of the Israelites.

11 And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Nahshon was the father of Salma, and Salma was the father of Boaz. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a particular family or group of people.

12 And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Boaz was the father of Obed, and Obed was the father of Jesse. This is part of a long line of ancestors that eventually lead to Jesus.

13 And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of King David. It is saying that Jesse, the father of King David, had three sons: Eliab, Abinadab, and Shimma. Eliab was the firstborn, Abinadab was the second, and Shimma was the third.

14 Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is listing the descendants of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. Nethaneel is the fourth son of Ishi, and Raddai is the fifth son of Ishi.

15 Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. Ozem was the sixth son of Judah, and David was the seventh. This verse is emphasizing the importance of David in the lineage, as he was the ancestor of Jesus Christ.

16 Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three.

This verse is referring to the family of Caleb, the son of Jephunneh. It states that Caleb had two sisters, Zeruiah and Abigail, and that Zeruiah had three sons: Abishai, Joab, and Asahel. This verse is emphasizing the importance of family and the close relationships between siblings.

17 And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite.

This verse is from the Bible and it is telling us that Abigail, a woman from the tribe of Judah, gave birth to a son named Amasa. The father of Amasa was Jether, an Ishmaelite. This verse is emphasizing the importance of family lineage and the importance of knowing who your ancestors are.

18 And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon.

This verse is describing the family of Caleb, the son of Hezron. It states that Caleb had children with his wife Azubah and with his wife Jerioth. The names of the sons born to Azubah and Jerioth are listed as Jesher, Shobab, and Ardon. This verse is emphasizing the importance of Caleb's family and the lineage of his children.

19 And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur.

This verse is referring to the marriage of Caleb and Ephrath. Caleb was a leader of the Israelites and Ephrath was the daughter of Shobal, a descendant of Judah. After Azubah, Caleb's first wife, died, Caleb married Ephrath and she bore him a son named Hur. This verse is emphasizing the importance of family and the continuation of the lineage of the Israelites.

20 And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, which is a record of the descendants of a particular family. In this case, it is the family of Judah, one of the twelve sons of Jacob. The verse is saying that Hur, the son of Judah, had a son named Uri, and Uri had a son named Bezaleel. Bezaleel is mentioned in the Bible as being a skilled craftsman who was chosen by God to build the Tabernacle in the wilderness.

21 And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub.

This verse is describing the marriage of Hezron, who was sixty years old, to the daughter of Machir, the father of Gilead. Hezron and the daughter of Machir had a son named Segub. This verse is emphasizing the fact that Hezron was an older man when he married and had a child.

22 And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead.

This verse is referring to the genealogy of the Israelites. Segub was the son of Hezron, and he had a son named Jair. Jair was a successful leader and was able to acquire 23 cities in the land of Gilead. This verse is emphasizing the success of Jair and his ability to acquire so many cities.

23 And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.

This verse is referring to the conquests of King David. He took Geshur, Aram, and the towns of Jair, as well as Kenath and its towns, which totaled sixty cities. All of these cities belonged to the sons of Machir, the father of Gilead. This shows the extent of David's power and influence, as he was able to take control of these cities and add them to his kingdom.

24 And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron’s wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.

This verse is referring to the genealogy of Hezron, a descendant of Judah. It states that after Hezron died in Calebephratah, his wife Abiah bore him a son named Ashur, who was the father of Tekoa. This verse is emphasizing the importance of Hezron's lineage and how it was passed down through his descendants.

25 And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Hezron, the son of Perez. The verse is listing the five sons of Jerahmeel, the firstborn son of Hezron. The sons are named as Ram, the firstborn, Bunah, Oren, Ozem, and Ahijah. This verse is important because it is part of the genealogy of Jesus, as Hezron was an ancestor of Jesus.

26 Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam.

This verse is referring to the biblical figure Jerahmeel, who was a descendant of Judah. The verse states that Jerahmeel had two wives: one named Atarah, and the other unnamed. Atarah was the mother of Onam, who was also a descendant of Judah. This verse is emphasizing the importance of lineage in the Bible, as it is through Onam that the lineage of Judah is continued.

27 And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy that is tracing the descendants of Jerahmeel, a descendant of Judah. The verse is saying that the sons of Ram, who was the firstborn son of Jerahmeel, were Maaz, Jamin, and Eker.

28 And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab, and Abishur.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy that is tracing the descendants of Judah, the son of Jacob. In this verse, it is specifically mentioning the sons of Onam, which were Shammai and Jada. It then goes on to list the sons of Shammai, which were Nadab and Abishur. This verse is showing the lineage of Onam and his descendants.

29 And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid.

This verse is from the Bible and it is referring to the family of Abishur. Abishur was married to a woman named Abihail and they had two sons, Ahban and Molid. This verse is simply stating the names of Abishur's wife and their two sons.

30 And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.

This verse is referring to the descendants of Nadab, a son of Aaron. It states that Nadab had two sons, Seled and Appaim. However, it goes on to say that Seled died without having any children, meaning that Appaim was the only one of Nadab's sons to have descendants.

31 And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is listing the descendants of Appaim, who was a descendant of Judah. Ishi was the son of Appaim, and Sheshan was the son of Ishi. Ahlai was the son of Sheshan. This verse is showing the lineage of Appaim and his descendants.

32 And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.

This verse is referring to the descendants of Jada, the brother of Shammai. It states that Jether and Jonathan were the sons of Jada, but that Jether died without any children. This means that Jether did not have any offspring to carry on his lineage.

33 And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel.

This verse is referring to the descendants of Jonathan, the son of Jerahmeel. Specifically, it is listing the two sons of Jonathan: Peleth and Zaza. This verse is emphasizing the lineage of Jonathan and his sons, showing that they were the sons of Jerahmeel.

34 Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha.

This verse is describing the family of Sheshan, a man from the tribe of Judah. It states that Sheshan had no sons, but only daughters. It also mentions that Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha. This verse is emphasizing the fact that Sheshan had no sons, which was unusual in that time period, and that he had a servant from Egypt. This verse is also highlighting the fact that Sheshan was a man of wealth and power, as he was able to afford a servant from Egypt.

35 And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai.

This verse is referring to an event in the Old Testament in which Sheshan, a descendant of Judah, gave his daughter to Jarha, one of his servants, to be his wife. The result of this union was a son named Attai. This verse is an example of how God used unlikely people to fulfill His plan for the nation of Israel.

36 And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Attai was the father of Nathan, and Nathan was the father of Zabad. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a family or group of people.

37 And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Zabad was the father of Ephlal, and Ephlal was the father of Obed. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a particular family or group of people.

38 And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of the descendants of Judah. It is saying that Obed, the son of Judah, was the father of Jehu, and Jehu was the father of Azariah. This is part of the lineage of Jesus, as Azariah was an ancestor of Mary, the mother of Jesus.

39 And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Azariah was the father of Helez, and Helez was the father of Eleasah. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a family or group of people.

40 And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Eleasah was the father of Sisamai, and Sisamai was the father of Shallum. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a particular family or group of people. It is a way of showing how they are related to each other.

41 And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama.

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, which is a record of the descendants of a particular family. In this case, the verse is referring to the descendants of Shallum, who was the son of Jabez. The verse states that Shallum had a son named Jekamiah, and Jekamiah had a son named Elishama. This verse is part of a larger genealogy that traces the lineage of the Israelites from Abraham to King David.

42 Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron.

This verse is referring to the descendants of Caleb, the brother of Jerahmeel. It states that Caleb's firstborn son was Mesha, who was the father of Ziph. It also mentions that Mareshah was the father of Hebron. This verse is emphasizing the lineage of Caleb and his descendants, showing how they are all connected.

43 And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. In this verse, the sons of Hebron are listed as Korah, Tappuah, Rekem, and Shema. These four men were the sons of Hebron, a descendant of Judah. This verse is important because it helps to trace the lineage of the Israelites and shows how they were related to each other.

44 And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Shema was the father of Raham, who was the father of Jorkoam, and Rekem was the father of Shammai. This is part of a long list of ancestors that are being traced back to the original ancestor, Adam.

45 And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Bethzur.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 2, which traces the lineage of the tribe of Judah. In this verse, it is stated that Shammai was the father of Maon, and Maon was the father of Bethzur. This means that Maon was the direct ancestor of Bethzur, and Shammai was the ancestor of both Maon and Bethzur.

46 And Ephah, Caleb’s concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez.

This verse is from the Old Testament of the Bible and is part of the genealogy of the descendants of Judah. It is saying that Ephah, who was Caleb's concubine, gave birth to three sons: Haran, Moza, and Gazez. Haran was the father of Gazez. This verse is important because it is part of the lineage of Jesus, as Gazez was an ancestor of Jesus.

47 And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Gesham, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. The verse lists the sons of Jahdai, which were Regem, Jotham, Gesham, Pelet, Ephah, and Shaaph. These were all sons of Jahdai, who was a descendant of Judah. This verse is important because it helps to trace the lineage of the Israelites and shows how they were related to each other.

48 Maachah, Caleb’s concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.

This verse is from the Bible and is found in 1 Chronicles 2:48. It is referring to the family of Caleb, a leader of the Israelites. The verse states that Maachah, who was Caleb's concubine, gave birth to two sons, Sheber and Tirhanah. This verse is important because it shows the lineage of Caleb and his descendants.

49 She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa.

This verse is describing the descendants of Caleb, a leader of the Israelites. It states that Caleb had a daughter named Achsa, and that she was the mother of Shaaph, Sheva, and the father of Gibea. Shaaph was the father of Madmannah, Sheva was the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea is not named. This verse is emphasizing the importance of Achsa in the lineage of Caleb, as she was the mother of three of his descendants.

50 These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim,

This verse is referring to the descendants of Caleb, the son of Hur, who was the firstborn of Ephratah. Shobal was Caleb's father and he was the father of Kirjathjearim, a city in the region of Judah.

51 Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader.

This verse is referring to the genealogy of the tribe of Judah. Salma was the father of Bethlehem, and Hareph was the father of Bethgader. This verse is showing the lineage of the tribe of Judah, and how it is connected to the two cities of Bethlehem and Bethgader.

52 And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.

This verse is referring to Shobal, the father of Kirjathjearim, who had two sons: Haroeh and half of the Manahethites. The Manahethites were a group of people who lived in the area of Kirjathjearim, and Shobal's sons were part of this group. This verse is emphasizing the importance of Shobal's sons in the community, as they were part of the Manahethites, a significant group in the area.

53 And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 2, which lists the descendants of Judah. In this particular verse, the families of Kirjathjearim are mentioned. These families include the Ithrites, Puhites, Shumathites, and Mishraites. From these families, the Zareathites and Eshtaulites descended. This verse is important because it shows the lineage of the people of Judah and how they are connected to each other.

54 The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 2, which lists the descendants of Judah. In this particular verse, the sons of Salma are listed. Salma was a descendant of Judah, and his sons were Bethlehem, Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, half of the Manahethites, and the Zorites. These were all descendants of Salma, and they were all part of the tribe of Judah.

55 And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.

This verse is referring to the families of scribes who lived in the town of Jabez. These scribes were from three different families: the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and the Suchathites. These families were all part of the Kenites, a group of people descended from Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.

