1 And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings go out to battle, Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried at Jerusalem. And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it.

This verse is describing a battle between the Israelites, led by Joab, and the Ammonites, led by King David. Joab led the Israelite army and wasted the country of the Ammonites, then besieged their capital city, Rabbah. However, King David stayed in Jerusalem and did not join the battle. Joab eventually defeated the Ammonites and destroyed Rabbah. This verse is emphasizing the power of the Israelite army and the importance of King David's leadership.

2 And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set upon David’s head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city.

This verse is describing how David, the King of Israel, defeated the king of the Ammonites in battle. After the battle, David took the crown of the Ammonite king from off his head and found it to be made of gold and precious stones. He then placed the crown on his own head and took a great amount of spoils from the city. This verse is emphasizing the power and wealth of David as a result of his victory.

3 And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.

This verse is describing the actions of King David as he conquered the cities of the Ammonites. He brought out the people living in the cities and then used saws, harrows of iron, and axes to cut them down. This was his way of dealing with all the cities of the Ammonites. After this, David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.

4 And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was of the children of the giant: and they were subdued.

This verse is describing a battle between the Philistines and the Israelites at Gezer. During the battle, Sibbechai the Hushathite killed Sippai, who was a descendant of the giant. As a result of this battle, the Philistines were defeated and the Israelites were victorious.

5 And there was war again with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, whose spear staff was like a weaver’s beam.

This verse is describing a battle between the Philistines and the Israelites. Elhanan, the son of Jair, killed Lahmi, the brother of Goliath the Gittite. Goliath was a giant warrior who had been killed by David in a previous battle. Lahmi was also a giant warrior, and his spear staff was so large that it was compared to a weaver's beam, which was a large beam used in weaving. This verse is emphasizing the size and strength of the Philistine warriors.

6 And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of great stature, whose fingers and toes were four and twenty, six on each hand, and six on each foot and he also was the son of the giant.

This verse is describing a giant man who was living in Gath. He was of great stature, with four and twenty fingers and toes, six on each hand and six on each foot. He was the son of a giant, suggesting that he inherited his size from his father. This verse is emphasizing the size and strength of this man, and the fact that he was the son of a giant.

7 But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David’s brother slew him.

In 1 Chronicles 20:7, the verse is referring to a battle between Israel and the Philistines. The Philistine giant, Goliath, had defied Israel and challenged them to a fight. Jonathan, the son of Shimea and David's brother, stepped up and slew Goliath, thus defeating the Philistines and protecting Israel.

8 These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.

This verse is referring to the descendants of the giant Goliath, who was killed by David in battle. The verse is saying that these descendants of Goliath were born in Gath and were killed by David and his servants in battle. This shows the power of David and his army, as they were able to defeat the descendants of the giant Goliath.

