1 And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.

In this verse, Satan is described as standing up against Israel and provoking David, the king of Israel, to number the people of Israel. This was a test of David's faith in God, as God had commanded the Israelites not to count their numbers. Satan was trying to tempt David to disobey God's commandment, but David resisted and instead offered a sacrifice to God.

2 And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people, Go, number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it.

In this verse, King David is instructing Joab and the rulers of the people to go and count the number of people in Israel from Beersheba to Dan. He wants to know the exact number of people in the kingdom so that he can make decisions based on the population size.

3 And Joab answered, The LORD make his people an hundred times so many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord’s servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to Israel?

In this verse, Joab is questioning King David's decision to take a census of the people of Israel. Joab is asking why the king would do something that would cause the people of Israel to sin. He suggests that the Lord could make the people of Israel a hundred times more numerous than they already are, without the need for a census. Joab is trying to point out the potential consequences of the king's decision and is questioning why the king would be a cause of sin for the people of Israel.

4 Nevertheless the king’s word prevailed against Joab. Wherefore Joab departed, and went throughout all Israel, and came to Jerusalem.

This verse is referring to a situation in which King David had asked Joab, the commander of his army, to take a census of the people of Israel. Joab was reluctant to do this, as he believed it was wrong, but the king's word was final and Joab had to obey. He therefore went throughout all of Israel and came to Jerusalem to carry out the census.

5 And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people unto David. And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword.

This verse is referring to a census that was taken by Joab, the commander of David's army. He counted the number of men in Israel and Judah who were able to fight in battle. The total number of men in Israel was one million one hundred thousand, and the total number of men in Judah was four hundred seventy thousand. This census was taken to help David understand the size of his army and the strength of his kingdom.

6 But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them: for the king’s word was abominable to Joab.

This verse is referring to a census that King David had ordered Joab to take of the people of Israel. Joab was instructed to count all of the men of Israel, but he refused to count the tribes of Levi and Benjamin because he found the king's command to be abhorrent.

7 And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel.

This verse is referring to the actions of King David, who had taken a census of the people of Israel. God was displeased with this action because it was a sign of pride and arrogance, and so he punished the people of Israel with a plague.

8 And David said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.

In this verse, King David is confessing his sin to God and asking for forgiveness. He acknowledges that he has done something wrong and foolish and is asking God to forgive him and take away his sin. He is humbly asking for mercy and grace, recognizing that he has done wrong and is in need of God's forgiveness.

9 And the LORD spake unto Gad, David’s seer, saying,

In 1 Chronicles 21:9, the Lord is speaking to Gad, who was a seer or prophet in the court of King David. The Lord is giving Gad a message to deliver to David, which is that David should choose a punishment for his sin of taking a census of the people of Israel.

10 Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things: choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a story in which God is speaking to the prophet Gad. God is offering David a choice between three things: seven years of famine, three months of fleeing from his enemies, or three days of pestilence. God is giving David the opportunity to choose which of these three things he would like to experience. By giving David the choice, God is showing mercy and giving him the chance to decide his own fate.

11 So Gad came to David, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a story in which God sends the prophet Gad to David to give him a message. The message is that God is telling David to choose between three punishments for his sin. The punishments are either three years of famine, three months of being defeated by his enemies, or three days of plague. David chooses the three days of plague, and God sends a plague to punish the people of Israel.

12 Either three years’ famine; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel. Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me.

This verse is from the story of David's census. God was angry with David for taking a census and sent a prophet to tell him the punishment. The prophet gave David three options for punishment: three years of famine, three months of destruction by his enemies, or three days of pestilence and destruction by the angel of the Lord. David chose the third option, and the prophet was then instructed to go back to God and tell him what David had chosen.

13 And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man.

In this verse, King David is in a difficult situation and is asking for guidance from the prophet Gad. He expresses his belief that God's mercy is great and that he should be allowed to fall into the hands of the Lord rather than into the hands of man. He is asking for God's help and mercy in his time of need.

14 So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men.

This verse is from the Old Testament of the Bible and is part of the story of King David and his census of Israel. In the story, King David orders a census of the people of Israel, which God disapproves of. As punishment, God sends a pestilence upon Israel, resulting in the death of seventy thousand men. This verse is a reminder of the power of God and the consequences of disobeying His commands.

15 And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.

This verse is from the story of David's census of Israel. God was angry with David for taking the census and sent an angel to destroy Jerusalem. However, when God saw the destruction, He had mercy and repented of the evil. He told the angel to stop and the angel stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite. This story shows God's mercy and compassion, even when He is angry.

16 And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched out over Jerusalem. Then David and the elders of Israel, who were clothed in sackcloth, fell upon their faces.

This verse is describing a moment in which David, the king of Israel, is looking up and sees an angel of the Lord standing in the sky with a drawn sword in his hand. The angel is hovering over Jerusalem, and upon seeing this, David and the elders of Israel fall to their faces in fear and reverence. This is a sign of God's judgment and displeasure with the people of Israel, and it serves as a warning to them to repent and turn back to God.

17 And David said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father’s house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued.

In this verse, David is asking God to forgive him for his sin of ordering a census of the people of Israel. He acknowledges that he is the one who has sinned and done evil, and he asks God to punish him and his family instead of punishing the people of Israel. He pleads with God to spare the people from being plagued.

18 Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David, that David should go up, and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.

In 1 Chronicles 21:18, the angel of the Lord commands Gad to tell David to go up and build an altar to the Lord on the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite. This is in response to David's sin of taking a census of the people of Israel, which the Lord had forbidden. The Lord is showing mercy to David by allowing him to make a sacrifice on the threshing floor of Ornan, which will atone for his sin. This is a reminder to David and the people of Israel that the Lord is merciful and forgiving, and that He will accept their repentance and forgive their sins.

19 And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spake in the name of the LORD.

This verse is referring to the story of David and the census. In 1 Chronicles 21, God sent the prophet Gad to tell David to take a census of the people of Israel. David was reluctant to do this, as it was against God's command, but he eventually obeyed Gad's instructions and went up to take the census. This verse is emphasizing that David followed Gad's instructions because they were spoken in the name of the Lord.

20 And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat.

In 1 Chronicles 21:20, Ornan is threshing wheat when he turns and sees an angel. His four sons, who were with him, were so scared that they hid themselves. This verse is showing the fear that Ornan and his sons had when they saw the angel, and how they reacted to it.

21 And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground.

In this verse, Ornan is showing respect to David by bowing down to him. He is demonstrating his reverence for David by prostrating himself before him. This is a sign of submission and humility, and it is a way of showing honor and respect to someone of higher status.

22 Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.

In this verse, King David is asking Ornan for permission to use his threshing floor to build an altar to the Lord. He is willing to pay the full price for the land, in the hopes that it will stop the plague that has been afflicting the people.

23 And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.

In this verse, Ornan is offering to give King David the oxen, threshing instruments, and wheat for the burnt offerings and meat offerings. He is telling David to take the items and do what he thinks is best with them. Ornan is showing his loyalty and devotion to the king by offering to give him these items for free.

24 And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.

In this verse, King David is speaking to Ornan, a Jebusite. David is refusing to take the land that Ornan is offering him for free, as a gift, for the Lord. Instead, David insists on paying the full price for the land, as he does not want to offer burnt offerings without cost. This shows David's commitment to honoring God and his willingness to make sacrifices for the Lord.

25 So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight.

In 1 Chronicles 21:25, David is purchasing a threshing floor from Ornan in order to build an altar to the Lord. As payment, David gives Ornan six hundred shekels of gold by weight. This is a significant amount of money, and it shows David's commitment to honoring God.

26 And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt offering.

This verse is describing how King David built an altar to the Lord and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings as a sacrifice. He then called upon the Lord and the Lord answered him from heaven by sending fire down upon the altar of burnt offering. This was a sign of God's approval and acceptance of David's offering.

27 And the LORD commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath thereof.

This verse is from the story of David and the angel of the Lord. In the story, David had sinned by ordering a census of the people of Israel, and the Lord sent an angel to punish the people. However, when David repented of his sin, the Lord commanded the angel to put away his sword and not to punish the people. This verse is showing that the Lord had mercy on David and the people of Israel, and the angel obeyed the Lord's command and put away his sword.

28 At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.

In 1 Chronicles 21, King David was instructed by God to build an altar on the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite. After David saw that the Lord had answered his prayer, he decided to sacrifice there. This was a sign of gratitude and reverence to God for answering his prayer.

29 For the tabernacle of the LORD, which Moses made in the wilderness, and the altar of the burnt offering, were at that season in the high place at Gibeon.

This verse is referring to the tabernacle and altar that Moses had made in the wilderness. At the time of this verse, the tabernacle and altar were located at the high place of Gibeon. This was a place of worship for the Israelites, and it was where they would offer sacrifices to the Lord. The tabernacle and altar were a reminder of God's presence and His faithfulness to His people.

30 But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD.

This verse is referring to the story of David's census of Israel. God was displeased with David's census and sent an angel to punish the people. David was so afraid of the angel's sword that he was unable to go before it to ask God for forgiveness. This shows the power of God and the reverence that David had for Him.

