1 Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles, which is part of the Hebrew Bible. In this verse, King David is speaking about the Temple of Jerusalem, which he has just built. He is declaring that the Temple is the house of the Lord God, and the altar of the burnt offering for Israel. This is a reference to the sacrificial system that was part of the Jewish faith, in which animals were sacrificed to God as a way of atoning for sins. The Temple was the place where these sacrifices were made, and the altar was the place where the offerings were burned.

2 And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God.

In this verse, King David is instructing his people to gather together the foreigners living in Israel and to hire masons to cut and shape stones to build the temple of God. This is a reference to the construction of the first temple in Jerusalem, which was built by King Solomon. The verse emphasizes the importance of the temple and the need to bring together people from different backgrounds to work together on the project.

3 And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;

This verse is referring to the preparations that King David made for the construction of the Temple in Jerusalem. He had an abundance of iron and brass available to be used for the nails and joinings of the doors and gates of the Temple. The iron and brass were so plentiful that they did not need to be weighed.

4 Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David.

This verse is referring to the abundance of cedar trees that were brought to King David by the Zidonians and the people of Tyre. The Zidonians and the people of Tyre were trading partners with King David and they brought him a large amount of cedar wood, which was a valuable resource in the ancient world. This cedar wood was used to build King David's palace and other structures in Jerusalem.

5 And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death.

In this verse, King David is speaking to his son, Solomon, about the importance of building a temple for the Lord. He explains that the temple must be "exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries" and that he will make preparations for it. David is emphasizing the importance of the temple and his commitment to making sure it is built properly. He is also showing his love for his son by preparing for the temple before his death, so that Solomon can take over the task.

6 Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel.

In 1 Chronicles 22:6, King David is instructing his son, Solomon, to build a temple for the Lord God of Israel. This is in accordance with God's command to David to build a temple for Him. David is passing on this responsibility to Solomon, and is charging him to build the temple for the Lord.

7 And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a conversation between King David and his son, Solomon. In it, David is expressing his desire to build a temple to honor the Lord. He is telling Solomon that it was his intention to build a house of worship for the Lord, and he is encouraging Solomon to carry out his plan.

8 But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight.

This verse is part of a prophecy given to King David by the Lord. In it, the Lord is telling David that he has been involved in many wars and has shed much blood, and as a result, he will not be allowed to build a temple in the Lord's name. The Lord is reminding David that he has been responsible for much bloodshed and violence, and that he must take responsibility for his actions.

9 Behold, a son shall be born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and quietness unto Israel in his days.

This verse is referring to the birth of Solomon, the son of King David. God is promising that Solomon will be a man of rest, meaning that he will bring peace and quietness to Israel. God also promises that Solomon will be given rest from all his enemies, meaning that he will be protected from any threats or attacks. This verse is a reminder of God's promise to provide peace and security to His people.

10 He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever.

This verse is referring to King David's son, Solomon, who will build the temple in Jerusalem. God is promising to make Solomon his son and to establish his kingdom over Israel forever. This is a sign of God's favor and blessing on Solomon and his descendants, and a reminder of the covenant between God and Israel.

11 Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee.

This verse is a blessing from God to Solomon, the son of King David. It is a reminder to Solomon that God is with him and will help him to succeed in his mission to build the temple of the Lord. The Lord has promised to be with Solomon and to prosper him in his work, and this verse is a reminder of that promise.

12 Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God.

This verse is encouraging the reader to seek wisdom and understanding from the Lord in order to be able to lead and govern Israel according to the laws of God. It is a reminder that the Lord is the source of all wisdom and understanding, and that it is only through Him that one can be successful in leading and governing His people. The verse also emphasizes the importance of following the laws of God in order to be successful in leading and governing Israel.

13 Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged Moses with concerning Israel: be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed.

This verse is encouraging the reader to be obedient to God's commands and to have courage and strength in the face of adversity. It is telling the reader that if they follow God's laws and commands, they will be successful and should not be afraid or discouraged.

14 Now, behold, in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of gold, and a thousand thousand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto.

This verse is from 1 Chronicles 22:14, and it is spoken by King David. In this verse, King David is expressing his commitment to the Lord and his desire to build a temple for the Lord. He states that he has prepared a hundred thousand talents of gold, a thousand thousand talents of silver, and an abundance of brass and iron without weight. He also states that he has prepared timber and stone, and that more can be added if needed. This verse is a testament to King David's dedication to the Lord and his willingness to provide for the temple.

15 Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.

This verse is referring to the work that was being done to build the temple of the Lord. It is saying that there are many skilled workers available to do the work, including those who can hew stone and timber, as well as those who are skilled in all kinds of crafts. This verse emphasizes the importance of having skilled workers to do the work of building the temple.

16 Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee.

This verse is encouraging the reader to take action and to trust in the Lord. The verse is saying that the amount of gold, silver, brass, and iron is so great that it cannot be counted. This is a reminder that God is powerful and has provided us with all the resources we need to accomplish our goals. The verse is telling us to take action and to trust in the Lord, knowing that He will be with us and provide us with the strength and resources we need to succeed.

17 David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son, saying,

This verse from 1 Chronicles 22:17 is referring to King David's instructions to the princes of Israel to help his son, Solomon, in his efforts to build the temple. David is instructing the princes to provide Solomon with whatever he needs to complete the task. He is also reminding them of the importance of the task and the need to be diligent in their efforts.

18 Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people.

This verse is a reminder from God that He is always with His people and has given them rest on every side. He has given the inhabitants of the land into the hands of His people, and the land has been subdued before the Lord and His people. This is a reminder that God is always with His people and will provide for them in times of need.

19 Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye the sanctuary of the LORD God, to bring the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD.

This verse is encouraging the people of Israel to seek the Lord and to build the sanctuary of the Lord. It is a call to action to build the house of the Lord and to bring the ark of the covenant and the holy vessels of God into the house. This is a reminder to the people of Israel to be devoted to the Lord and to serve Him faithfully.

