1 The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.

This verse is referring to the three sons of Levi, who were the sons of Jacob in the Bible. Gershon, Kohath, and Merari were the three sons of Levi, and they were the ancestors of the Levites, who were a tribe of Israelites. The Levites were responsible for the service of the Tabernacle and the Temple in Jerusalem, and they were also responsible for teaching the Law of Moses to the people of Israel.

2 And the sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Levi, the son of Jacob. It is specifically referring to the sons of Kohath, who was one of the sons of Levi. The four sons of Kohath mentioned in this verse are Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel.

3 And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.

This verse is from the book of 1 Chronicles in the Bible. It is referring to the descendants of Amram, who was the father of Aaron, Moses, and Miriam. It then goes on to list the sons of Aaron, which were Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. These four were the first priests of Israel and were the sons of Aaron, the brother of Moses and Miriam.

4 Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, which is a record of the descendants of a particular family. In this case, it is the family of Aaron, the brother of Moses. The verse is saying that Eleazar, the son of Aaron, had a son named Phinehas, and Phinehas had a son named Abishua.

5 And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Abishua was the father of Bukki, and Bukki was the father of Uzzi. This is part of a long list of ancestors in the Bible, tracing the lineage of the Israelites.

6 And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Uzzi was the father of Zerahiah, and Zerahiah was the father of Meraioth. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a particular family or group of people.

7 Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,

This verse is part of a genealogical record in the Bible. It is saying that Meraioth was the father of Amariah, and Amariah was the father of Ahitub. This is a way of tracing the lineage of Ahitub back to Meraioth.

8 And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Ahitub was the father of Zadok, and Zadok was the father of Ahimaaz. This is part of a long line of ancestors that are listed in the Bible.

9 And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Ahimaaz was the father of Azariah, and Azariah was the father of Johanan. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a family or group of people.

10 And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest’s office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)

This verse is referring to the lineage of the priestly family of Aaron. It is saying that Johanan was the father of Azariah, who was the priest in charge of the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem. Azariah was responsible for overseeing the religious activities that took place in the temple, such as sacrifices and offerings.

11 And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Azariah was the father of Amariah, and Amariah was the father of Ahitub. This is a way of tracing the lineage of a family or group of people.

12 And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Ahitub was the father of Zadok, and Zadok was the father of Shallum. This is part of a long line of ancestors that are listed in the Bible.

13 And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,

This verse from 1 Chronicles 6:13 is part of a genealogy that traces the lineage of the priestly line of Aaron. It states that Shallum was the father of Hilkiah, and Hilkiah was the father of Azariah. This verse is important because it shows the continuity of the priestly line from generation to generation.

14 And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Azariah was the father of Seraiah, and Seraiah was the father of Jehozadak. This is a way of tracing the lineage of Jehozadak back to Azariah.

15 And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.

This verse is referring to the Babylonian Exile, when the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar conquered Judah and Jerusalem and took many of the people of Judah into captivity. Jehozadak was one of the people taken into captivity, as the Lord allowed Nebuchadnezzar to take Judah and Jerusalem.

16 The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of the descendants of Levi, one of the twelve sons of Jacob. Gershom, Kohath, and Merari were the three sons of Levi. This verse is important because it establishes the lineage of the Levites, who were a priestly tribe in ancient Israel. The Levites were responsible for the care and maintenance of the Tabernacle and later the Temple, and they were also responsible for teaching the Law of Moses to the people.

17 And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of the descendants of Levi, the son of Jacob. It is specifically referring to the sons of Gershom, who was the son of Levi. The verse states that the two sons of Gershom were named Libni and Shimei.

18 And the sons of Kohath were, Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a genealogy of the sons of Kohath, a son of Levi. It lists the four sons of Kohath as Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel. These four sons were part of the Kohathite clan, which was one of the four clans of the Levites. The Levites were a special group of people in the Bible who were set apart to serve in the Tabernacle and Temple.

19 The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers.

This verse is referring to the sons of Merari, who were two of the Levite clans. Mahli and Mushi were the sons of Merari, and this verse is noting that these two clans were part of the Levite families. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the Levite families and their lineage.

20 Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son,

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 6. It is listing the descendants of Gershom, the son of Levi. The verse states that Gershom had a son named Libni, who had a son named Jahath, who had a son named Zimmah. This is a record of the lineage of Gershom, showing that he had three generations of descendants.

21 Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son.

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, listing the descendants of Levi. It is saying that Joah was the son of Iddo, who was the son of Zerah, who was the son of Jeaterai.

22 The sons of Kohath; Amminadab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son,

This verse is referring to the descendants of Kohath, one of the sons of Levi. It is listing the names of Kohath's sons in order of their birth: Amminadab, Korah, and Assir.

23 Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a genealogy of the descendants of Levi. It is saying that Elkanah was the son of Levi, Ebiasaph was the son of Elkanah, and Assir was the son of Ebiasaph.

24 Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 6, which lists the descendants of Levi, the son of Jacob. The verse is referring to the four sons of Tahath, who was the son of Levi. The sons are listed in order of birth, with Tahath being the father, Uriel being the first son, Uzziah being the second son, and Shaul being the third son.

25 And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of descendants of Elkanah. It is saying that Elkanah had two sons, Amasai and Ahimoth. This verse is part of a larger genealogy that is tracing the lineage of the Israelites.

26 As for Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son,

This verse is referring to the descendants of Elkanah. Elkanah had two sons, Zophai and Nahath. This verse is simply listing the two sons of Elkanah.

27 Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son.

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, which lists the descendants of Levi, the son of Jacob. It is saying that Eliab was the son of Jeroham, who was the son of Elkanah. This verse is part of a larger list of descendants, which is meant to show the lineage of Levi and his descendants.

28 And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.

This verse is from the Bible and is found in 1 Chronicles 6:28. It is referring to the sons of Samuel, who was a prophet in the Old Testament. The verse states that Samuel had two sons, Vashni and Abiah. Vashni was the firstborn son of Samuel.

29 The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son,

This verse is referring to the descendants of Merari, one of the sons of Levi. It lists four of Merari's sons: Mahli, Libni, Shimei, and Uzza. Mahli was the first son, and the other three were his descendants.

30 Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 6, which lists the descendants of Levi. In this particular verse, it is listing the sons of Shimea: Haggiah, and Asaiah. This verse is showing the lineage of Shimea and his descendants, and how they are connected to each other.

31 And these are they whom David set over the service of song in the house of the LORD, after that the ark had rest.

This verse is referring to the people that King David appointed to lead the music in the Temple of the Lord after the Ark of the Covenant had been brought to rest there. These people were responsible for leading the music and singing in the Temple, and they were appointed by David to ensure that the worship of the Lord was conducted in a proper and reverent manner.

32 And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according to their order.

This verse is referring to the Levites, who were the priests of the Israelites. They were responsible for ministering before the tabernacle of the congregation, which was the place of worship for the Israelites. They did this with singing until Solomon had built the Temple of the Lord in Jerusalem. After that, they continued to serve in their roles according to their order.

33 And these are they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel,

This verse is referring to the descendants of the Kohathites, a tribe of the Israelites. Heman was a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel. This verse is saying that Heman and his children were among those who waited with their children. This could mean that they were waiting for a specific event or task, or that they were simply waiting in anticipation of something.

34 The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, which traces the lineage of the priestly family of Elkanah. It states that Elkanah was the son of Jeroham, who was the son of Eliel, who was the son of Toah. This verse is part of a larger list of ancestors that trace Elkanah's family line back to Levi, the son of Jacob.

35 The son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of Mahath, the son of Amasai,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, tracing the lineage of the priestly family of Elkanah. It states that Elkanah was the son of Zuph, Zuph was the son of Mahath, and Mahath was the son of Amasai. This verse is part of a larger genealogy that traces the ancestry of Elkanah all the way back to Levi, the son of Jacob.

36 The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah,

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 6, which traces the lineage of the Levites. It states that Elkanah was the son of Joel, Joel was the son of Azariah, and Azariah was the son of Zephaniah. This is a way of showing the ancestry of the Levites and how they are connected to each other.

37 The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah,

This verse is referring to a genealogy of the descendants of Korah, a Levite from the tribe of Levi. The verse is listing the sons of Korah in order, beginning with Tahath, then Assir, then Ebiasaph, and finally Korah himself. This is a way of tracing the lineage of Korah and his descendants.

38 The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 6, which traces the lineage of the Levites. It states that the son of Izhar was the son of Kohath, who was the son of Levi, who was the son of Israel. This is a direct line of descent, showing that Izhar was the grandson of Levi, who was the son of Israel.

39 And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea,

This verse is referring to the priestly line of Asaph, who was the brother of Heman. Asaph was the son of Berachiah and the son of Shimea. This verse is emphasizing the importance of Asaph's lineage and his place in the priestly line. Asaph was chosen to stand on the right hand of Heman, indicating his importance and authority.

40 The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah,

This verse is referring to a genealogy of a particular individual. It is saying that the individual is the son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, and the son of Malchiah. This is a way of tracing the individual's ancestry back to the original ancestor, Malchiah.

41 The son of Ethni, the son of Zerah, the son of Adaiah,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, which lists the descendants of Levi, the son of Jacob. In this verse, the son of Ethni is identified as the son of Zerah, the son of Adaiah. This means that Ethni was the grandson of Adaiah, and the great-grandson of Zerah.

42 The son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei,

This verse is referring to a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Ethan was the son of Zimmah, who was the son of Shimei. This is part of a long line of ancestors that are being listed in the Bible.

43 The son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 6, which lists the descendants of Levi, the son of Jacob. The verse is referring to Jahath, who was the son of Gershom, who was the son of Levi. This verse is part of a larger list of names that trace the lineage of Levi, and ultimately, the lineage of the Israelites.

44 And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the left hand: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch,

This verse is referring to the Levites, who were the priests of the Israelites. Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch, was one of the Levites who stood on the left hand side of the assembly. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the Levites and their role in the Israelite community.

45 The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah,

This verse is referring to a genealogy, tracing the lineage of a particular individual. It states that the individual is the son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, and the son of Hilkiah. This means that the individual is the grandson of Amaziah and the great-grandson of Hilkiah.

46 The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer,

This verse is referring to a genealogy in the Bible. It is saying that Amzi was the son of Bani, who was the son of Shamer. This is part of a long list of names that trace the lineage of the Israelites.

47 The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi.

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible, tracing the lineage of the Levites. It states that Mahli was the son of Mushi, who was the son of Merari, who was the son of Levi. This is an example of a patrilineal genealogy, which is a type of genealogy that traces the ancestry of a person through their father's line.

48 Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God.

This verse is referring to the Levites, a tribe of Israelites who were set apart by God to serve in the Tabernacle. The Levites were responsible for a variety of tasks related to the Tabernacle, such as setting up and taking down the tent, caring for the furnishings, and performing the rituals and sacrifices. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the Levites' service to the Tabernacle and to God.

49 But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded.

This verse is referring to the role of Aaron and his sons in the Tabernacle. They were appointed by God to serve as priests and to offer sacrifices on the altar of burnt offering and the altar of incense. They were also responsible for performing all the duties of the Tabernacle, including making atonement for the sins of the Israelites, as commanded by Moses.

50 And these are the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son,

This verse is referring to the descendants of Aaron, the brother of Moses. It is listing the sons of Aaron in order of their birth: Eleazar, Phinehas, and Abishua. Eleazar was the firstborn son of Aaron, followed by Phinehas, and then Abishua.

51 Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is referring to the descendants of Levi, the son of Jacob. The verse is saying that Bukki was the son of Uzzi, who was the son of Zerahiah.

52 Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son,

This verse is part of a genealogy in the Bible. It is referring to the descendants of Aaron, the brother of Moses. Meraioth was the son of Aaron, Amariah was the son of Meraioth, and Ahitub was the son of Amariah.

53 Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son.

This verse is part of a genealogy in 1 Chronicles 6, which lists the descendants of Levi. In this particular verse, it is referring to the descendants of Zadok, who was a priest in the time of King David. The verse states that Zadok had a son named Ahimaaz. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the lineage of Zadok and his son Ahimaaz in the history of Israel.

54 Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot.

This verse is referring to the dwelling places of the Kohathites, one of the four divisions of the Levites. The Kohathites were given the responsibility of caring for the most sacred items in the Tabernacle, such as the Ark of the Covenant. This verse is saying that the Kohathites were given the responsibility of living in the castles of the various regions of Israel, and that this was their lot in life.

55 And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah, and the suburbs thereof round about it.

This verse is referring to the Israelites who were given the city of Hebron in the land of Judah. The verse states that they were also given the suburbs that surrounded the city. This was a way of providing the Israelites with additional land and resources to help them establish a home in the area.

56 But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the book of 1 Chronicles. It is referring to the division of land among the Israelites. According to the verse, Caleb, the son of Jephunneh, was given the fields of the city and its villages. This was part of the land that was divided among the Israelites after they had conquered the Promised Land.

57 And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, namely, Hebron, the city of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs,

This verse is from the Bible and is referring to the division of land among the sons of Aaron, who were the priests of the Israelites. The verse states that the sons of Aaron were given four cities in Judah: Hebron, Libnah, Jattir, and Eshtemoa. These cities were given to the sons of Aaron as a place of refuge and also included their surrounding suburbs. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the sons of Aaron and their role in the Israelite community.

58 And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs,

This verse is referring to two cities in the ancient kingdom of Israel, Hilen and Debir. The phrase "with her suburbs" indicates that the verse is referring to the cities and the surrounding areas, including any villages or towns that were part of the city's jurisdiction.

59 And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs:

This verse is referring to two cities in the land of Israel, Ashan and Bethshemesh, and their surrounding suburbs. The suburbs are the areas outside of the cities that are inhabited by people who live in the area. The verse is saying that both Ashan and Bethshemesh have suburbs that are inhabited by people.

60 And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities.

This verse is referring to the cities that were given to the tribe of Benjamin. Geba, Alemeth, and Anathoth were three of the cities that were given to the tribe of Benjamin. These three cities, along with their surrounding suburbs, made up a total of thirteen cities that were given to the tribe of Benjamin.

61 And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities.

This verse is referring to the division of land among the tribes of Israel. The Kohathites were one of the twelve tribes of Israel, and they were given ten cities from the half tribe of Manasseh. These cities were given out by lot, meaning that the Kohathites were randomly assigned the cities. This verse is emphasizing the fairness of the division of land among the tribes of Israel.

62 And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.

This verse is referring to the allotment of cities given to the sons of Gershom, a descendant of Levi. The cities were given from four different tribes: Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, and Manasseh in Bashan. In total, thirteen cities were given to the sons of Gershom.

63 Unto the sons of Merari were given by lot, throughout their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.

This verse is referring to the division of the land of Israel among the twelve tribes of Israel. The Merarites were one of the four main divisions of the Levites, and they were given twelve cities to inhabit, which were divided among the tribes of Reuben, Gad, and Zebulun. This was done by lot, meaning that the cities were randomly assigned to each tribe.

64 And the children of Israel gave to the Levites these cities with their suburbs.

This verse is referring to the cities and surrounding areas that were given to the Levites, a tribe of Israelites, by the other tribes of Israel. The Levites were given these cities and their surrounding areas as their inheritance, as a place to live and to serve as priests in the Temple. The verse is emphasizing the generosity of the other tribes of Israel in providing the Levites with these cities and their suburbs.

65 And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names.

This verse is referring to the division of land among the tribes of Israel. The tribes of Judah, Simeon, and Benjamin were given certain cities to inhabit, and these cities were named after the tribes. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the division of land among the tribes and the significance of the names of the cities.

66 And the residue of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim.

This verse is referring to the families of the sons of Kohath, who were descendants of Levi. The verse states that these families were given cities on the coast of the tribe of Ephraim. This was part of the division of the land among the twelve tribes of Israel, as outlined in the Book of Joshua.

67 And they gave unto them, of the cities of refuge, Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs,

This verse is referring to the cities of refuge that were given to the Levites by the Israelites. Shechem in Mount Ephraim and Gezer with its suburbs were two of the cities of refuge that were given to the Levites. These cities provided a safe haven for those who had committed unintentional manslaughter, allowing them to escape punishment.

68 And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs,

This verse is referring to two cities in the ancient kingdom of Israel. Jokmeam and Bethhoron were both located in the tribal territory of Benjamin. The verse is saying that Jokmeam and its surrounding suburbs, as well as Bethhoron and its surrounding suburbs, were part of the kingdom. This verse is part of a larger list of cities and towns that were part of the kingdom.

69 And Aijalon with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs:

This verse is referring to two cities in the region of Benjamin, which were given to the Levites as part of their inheritance. Aijalon and Gathrimmon were both located in the tribal allotment of Benjamin, and this verse is noting that the Levites were given the cities and their surrounding suburbs.

70 And out of the half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath.

This verse is referring to the division of land among the Israelites. It states that the half tribe of Manasseh was given the cities of Aner and Bileam, along with their surrounding suburbs, for the family of the descendants of Kohath. This was part of the land division that was established by Moses in the book of Numbers.

71 Unto the sons of Gershom were given out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh, Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, and Ashtaroth with her suburbs:

This verse is from the Bible and is part of the genealogy of the tribe of Levi. It is saying that the sons of Gershom were given the cities of Golan in Bashan and Ashtaroth with their suburbs from the half tribe of Manasseh. This was part of the division of the land among the tribes of Israel.

72 And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of cities and towns that were given to the tribe of Issachar. It states that two cities, Kedesh and Daberath, were given to the tribe of Issachar, along with their suburbs. The suburbs were likely small villages or settlements that were located near the cities.

73 And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs:

This verse is referring to two cities in the land of Israel, Ramoth and Anem. It is saying that these two cities, along with their surrounding suburbs, were part of the territory of the tribe of Levi.

74 And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of cities and towns that were given to the tribe of Asher. The verse states that the tribe of Asher was given the cities of Mashal and Abdon, along with their surrounding suburbs. This verse is emphasizing the importance of the tribe of Asher and the cities that were given to them.

75 And Hukok with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs:

This verse is referring to two cities in the land of Israel, Hukok and Rehob. It is saying that these two cities, along with their surrounding suburbs, were part of the land given to the Levites.

76 And out of the tribe of Naphtali; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, and Hammon with her suburbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs.

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of cities and towns that were given to the tribe of Naphtali. The verse states that the tribe of Naphtali was given three cities: Kedesh in Galilee with its suburbs, Hammon with its suburbs, and Kirjathaim with its suburbs. The suburbs referred to here are the surrounding villages and towns that were part of the city's jurisdiction.

77 Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:

This verse from 1 Chronicles 6:77 is part of a list of cities and towns that were given to the descendants of Merari, one of the sons of Levi. Specifically, this verse states that the tribe of Zebulun gave Rimmon and its suburbs, as well as Tabor and its suburbs, to the descendants of Merari. This was part of the division of the Promised Land among the twelve tribes of Israel.

78 And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, were given them out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs,

This verse is referring to the land that was given to the tribe of Reuben. Specifically, it mentions two cities, Bezer and Jahzah, which were located on the east side of the Jordan River, near Jericho. The verse states that these two cities, along with their suburbs, were given to the tribe of Reuben.

79 Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs:

This verse is referring to two cities in the land of Israel, Kedemoth and Mephaath. It is saying that these two cities, along with their surrounding areas, were given to the Levites as part of their inheritance. This was part of the division of the land of Israel among the twelve tribes of Israel.

80 And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs,

This verse is from the Bible and is part of a list of cities and towns that were given to the tribe of Gad. Specifically, it mentions two cities, Ramoth in Gilead and Mahanaim, and their respective suburbs. The suburbs are the areas surrounding the cities, and they were also given to the tribe of Gad.

81 And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs.

This verse is referring to two cities in the land of Israel, Heshbon and Jazer. It is saying that these two cities, along with their surrounding suburbs, were part of the land that was given to the Levites by God. This verse is part of a larger passage in 1 Chronicles 6 that outlines the various cities and towns that were given to the Levites.

